=About Love=
=Episode 7=
(Hope you won't regret your decision)
What've you been up to lately,
Teacher Li?
Just busy with random stuff.
Oh.
- You...
You go first.
How've you been lately?
I'm good.
You...
How are you guys doing?
All doing fine.
Oh, that's nice.
- Then...
- Oh right.
This is for you.
Use this card for coffee from now on.
This...
Is this okay?
Don't be so polite.
I've been wanting to thank you
for that day.
But...
I get it.
It's fine.
Thanks.
Bring your favorite girl next time.
Favorite girl?
Hope I run into her at your café.
Thanks again.
I saw your latest work.
Mm?
Ximei married Prince Beiye,
a human prince.
She never cared for grand castles.
Or endless wealth.
Because the prince was kind and gentle,
a rare soul in this world,
she fought to be worthy of him.
Willing to lose all her memories for it.
She renounced her demon identity.
She once believed
she truly loved
this prince who brought her light.
But the uncontrollable longing
in her heart
quietly awakened her sealed memories.
At night, when she turned into a demon,
she deeply loved
Shou Gongyuan, the demon realm envoy.
How is it?
Good?
I got a bit reckless while writing.
Hope you don't mind.
What happens next?
I don't know.
I was wondering
can I fulfill myself through the story?
What do you think?
As long as you like it.
But stories...
are still just stories.
Mm.
Exactly.
Look at the craftsmanship.
It's really well made.
And there's a small pouch inside.
Oh.
Okay.
This one?
Hey.
Whose little cutie are you?
Huh?
Where's your mom?
How can you be this cute?
Mm? So cute.
Even if you're this cute,
I still have to take you
to find your mom.
Got it?
Find what?
This is your son.
Do you like him?
Ah.
This dog's practically a genius.
Honey.
Done washing already?
Almost.
How about
we find time these two days
to check out dogs?
You wanna get a dog?
Didn't we agree before the wedding?
French Bulldog or Corgi, your choice.
Alright.
Get whatever.
It's up to you.
No need to discuss it with me.
Why do you act like this
whenever I mention dogs?
What's my problem?
I'm not stopping you.
But let's be clear first.
If you get a dog, you take care of it.
I'm not helping.
Fine, fine.
Forget it, no dog then.
Every time I bring up dogs,
you get this attitude.
I really don't get
what dogs ever did to you.
Do you think this is the right time
to get a dog?
Dogs are pets. They need affection.
It takes time and energy.
It's no different from raising a child.
We're so busy with work
and have tons of
stuff to handle.
When would we have time for a dog?
Yes, you're busy.
Who isn't?
Everyone around us has a dog.
Only you're too busy.
Even celebrities have dogs.
Do you even compare to celebrities?
To put it bluntly.
I'm not wasting my time on a dog.
With that time,
I could be advancing my career.
Right, only you're ambitious.
You're always right.
I can't control others.
I can't even change
the person next to me.
I just focus on myself.
I focus on improving myself.
I'll do my best, that's enough.
And you, as a man,
can't you think more maturely?
Stop being so impulsive, okay?
Let me tell you this one last time!
I hate it when you call me immature.
Didn't we agree to get a dog
when we got married?
You know how much I love dogs!
A lot was agreed on before marriage.
We said we'd travel once a year.
Did we ever?
You said you'd surprise me on
anniversaries and Valentine's Day.
Did you?
Why bring up travel now?
When would we have time?
Didn't I get you gifts? I did.
You said you didn't like it.
You said it yourself!
- Sorry!
- Called me wasteful.
It's my fault, all my fault.
I'm the one
who's kept this family poor, okay?
It's always about money.
I'm not a wealthy heir!
Haven't I worked hard?
Making money takes time.
Haven't I tried?
Have you ever made any money? Have you?
Aren't I the one
managing everything in this household?
I told you to teach kids piano
in small classes.
You kept making excuses.
Kept writing things nobody buys.
Songs that nobody wants, right?
I'm just garbage to you!
Do you regret marrying me?
You wish you'd found someone rich, huh?
Like Pianpian's husband, right?
Hua's rich, go to him.
Your mom likes him a lot,
so hurry and go!
Go! Go find Hua!
You jerk!
I'm sorry.
I couldn't give you the life you wanted.
And I dragged you into my childish mess.
I'm sorry.
If I'd known
it would end up like this,
I never would've gotten married.
Never would've dragged you down.
I can't give you what you want.
Now I don't even know who I am.
Yu.
I can't keep up with you.
I'm sorry.
I know I've been tiring you out.
I'm so done with this life. Mortgage,
utilities, gas bills
every month,
and then hesitating
over a decent outfit.
I'm scared my colleagues
and friends will notice
I wear the same two or three bags
over and over.
I'm even more scared
when my parents ask about your salary
I'd have to lie again.
I have to lie and say Xiu earns well.
And that I'm living happily.
You should tell them the truth.
I know.
They look down on me.
They think I'm poor.
I love you.
I won't let anyone look down on you.
Have you ever regretted it?
(Back then, between love and money.)
(I didn't hesitate for a second.)
(I thought money didn't matter.)
(Love was the only thing
that truly counted.)
(I thought you'd be the one)
(to make money with me.)
(And I always believed)
(that you're the one.)
(Right?)
(Sometimes I feel like
we're from two different planets)
(When I step into your world,)
(I'm under ten times the gravity.)
(And I can hardly breathe
from the lack of oxygen)
Remember how long
it's been since we watched a movie?
No.
Me neither.
(I'll never mention
getting a dog again.)
(And I won't hang out with my friends.)
(I can do all the things I don't like.)
(Work as hard as you do.)
(Try to become the person
you hoped I'd be)
(Because I love you.)
This dog food's been
selling well lately.
Take some to try.
Sure, I'll get this one.
- Okay.
- Two bags.
Okay.
Total's 1,116 yuan.
I'll take 1,000 yuan.
And I'll throw in two cans for you.
You're too kind, Sir.
Thanks a lot.
Come on, we're old friends.
Thanks for supporting my business.
Come back anytime.
Sure.
Here, take this.
Let's go.
- Bye.
- Take care.
You seem pretty close with
that pet shop owner.
Not really,
the shop's just near my place.
I go there to
play with the dogs sometimes.
No dog at home.
Then go out and play with them.
Now you've got one.
Eh.
Why suddenly want a dog?
But you don't like dogs.
But you do.
Besides, some people
write about it in songs.
"You said you wanted a gentle hound."
"To help me find my long-lost freedom."
I'm giving you freedom.
Don't you want it?
I asked Pianpian to take a look for me.
She said it's a purebred.
Her family's got tons of cats and dogs.
She really knows her stuff.
Yeah?
What are you smiling at?
Nothing.
I just feel like
something I've dreamed of
is just someone else's daily life.
Yeah, like how she
got a new sports car today.
Jealous?
Why would I be jealous?
As a woman, I'm no worse than her.
One day, I'll surpass her.
Then I wish you success.
Why not we?
Cars don't really interest me.
Then what does catch your interest?
I'm into…
(Gong)
Xiaoxi,
don't you think that, in this car,
we're like a family of three?
A silly son sitting in the back.
We're educated people.
Stop making weird family jokes.
Besides,
even if we were a family of three,
we make a better couple, don't we?
Hey, Gong Buhui.
Do you flirt with everyone?
You have no sense of humor.
Zhazha Xiu's calling.
Hello.
Hey, Gong.
Why aren't you answering my call?
Tell me. Got another pup now?
Yeah.
Whoa.
That's blunt.
I don't know how to respond.
What's the matter?
Tightwad Sen's treating us to Linglong.
Can you believe it?
Tonight.
I might not make it tonight.
Speak clearly.
All that stuttering. So unlike me.
Go.
Well? Are you going or not?
We're waiting for your answer, hurry up.
Okay.
What's going on with Xiu?
No idea, he's mumbling.
Probably busy.
If he's busy, tell him not to come.
Then tell Luanluan not to come either.
Too late.
I'll head out first.
Be careful going home.
Mm.
Xiu.
You never thought about
bringing me along?
(Xiuluo)
(Linglong)
Yo, yo.
Little fairy.
Why are you here so early?
Missed me already?
I did, I missed you so much.
Come give me a hug.
I really missed you.
Knew it.
Give it to me.
- Come here.
- Luanluan.
Hello.
Didn't Xiu come with you?
He'll be here soon, don't worry.
What about Sen?
He's already in the private room.
I came out to wait for you.
Oh, waiting for us?
Why'd you bring Bowie today?
When you called me,
I happened to be getting it groomed
at the pet salon,
so I just brought it along.
Besides, Xiu mentioned
missing it last time.
Haven't seen it in ages.
Give me a kiss!
Are you trying to get me drunk tonight?
Girl.
What are you doing?
Sen.
Hey, Bei.
You guys came so early.
I haven't ordered yet.
Cut the act.
You can't even read the menu, can you?
Do you think you're funny?
You look hilarious yourself.
Bei.
Why'd you bring it along too?
Didn't you say to call everyone?
So I called it too.
You call that a person?
Halfway.
Gong.
You sit there.
Think you're all mysterious?
I just don't wanna
look at your ugly face.
Is it your birthday today?
I didn't bring a gift. Annoyed yet?
Are you stupid?
Don't you know when my birthday is?
Speaking of birthdays makes me mad.
This guy gave me a kids' smart watch
for my birthday two years ago.
What was that mean?
You don't get it?
- Afraid you'd lose your way in love.
- How sweet.
And last year,
you gave me a Xinhua Dictionary.
How do you explain that?
Still afraid you'll get lost
and can't read the signs.
Dear.
Can we just make him disappear?
That was my wish when I turned eighteen.
Still hasn't come true.
From now on,
that's my wish too.
Wait, I'm gonna buy some cigarettes.
Ah, I want some throat lozenges.
I'll buy it for you.
Do you know what flavor I like?
Let's go together.
(Yang Huo Xiao Zhen
Imported Life Supermarket)
Sake Jelly, Wasabi Shrimp.
Cheesy Fried Noodles,
Spicy Clam Pancake.
Tied in Love, Served with Carp.
Illegal PDA Bites.
The Old Drunk's Intent.
Three-Treasure Braised Chicken.
Alright, that's enough.
I still want dumplings.
That's enough.
Ladies, anything else you want?
Order whatever.
A four-jin lobster.
Keep your mouth shut.
Oyster Crispy Bun.
Xiu loves that.
Got it, that's all. Thanks.
Add one more.
Stop, can we even finish?
I can finish it.
- Hey, can we really finish this?
- What's wrong?
You're so stingy.
Eh.
What's that?
Haven't seen you wear it before.
A seal.
A seal. Who gave it to you?
Xiu gave it to me.
Xiu did.
Looks like there's something
engraved on it.
He carved it himself. "Drunk".
I always thought Sen was stingy.
Never expected Xiu to give
such cheap stuff too.
Pour it yourself.
♪Our treasure♪
♪Just a metal pendant♪
♪A sentiment that never fades♪
♪Yet my love for you isn't fully done♪
♪But loving you could never tire me♪
♪My dear♪
Have a seat.
You're one to talk.
What would you give?
A kids' watch? A dictionary?
My heart.
That's so cringy.
Thanks.
He's crazy.
Sit closer.
This one.
Why are you coming with me
all of a sudden?
You don't want me to go?
Not that.
Thought you weren't into them.
Do they not like me?
No way.
Then why can't I go?
Sir, have you decided on the cigarettes?
No.
Smoke less.
No time, hurry up.
♪In my world, cloudy days are you.
Sunny days are you♪
♪Even rainy days are you♪
♪In my world, the sun and moon are you.
The stars are you♪
♪In my world, the mountains are you♪
♪The rivers are you,
and every view is you♪
♪Every moment of my future
is all about you♪
Smoke less.
No time, hurry up.
Something just came up.
I have to go.
You guys carry on.
Hey, what's going on, Luanluan?
Why are you leaving?
Don't be like this.
Stop talking nonsense.
Sit down.
I don't care about anything else.
We agreed to sing
and eat together tonight.
You showed up first.
You can't just leave for no reason.
What's going on here?
Guess Xiu's planning to bring...
First come, first served.
But I'm the one who came later.
You're the friend.
And you're the karaoke king.
Which means you can't leave.
Who'll sing if you go?
I'll queue up your signature song.
Just wait a sec.
Hi, can we serve the food now?
Sure.
I saw you come in with a woman.
- Which woman?
- Where's she hiding?
- What woman?
- Where is she?
Wh…
Tell me, where's the woman?
There is no woman.
I clearly saw you come with her.
(No one likes acting.)
(I've played countless roles.)
(All to fight evil with evil.)
(Help those women escape tragedy.)
(Ironically.)
(One's stance)
(can shift with emotions and interests.)
(I never thought I'd end up on the side)
(of those I once condemned.)
(Offering her comfort
and encouragement.)
(I hid among the accomplices.)
(To the woman betrayed.)
(The one who deserves sympathy.)
(I'll put on a shameless performance.)
(Today, I play the traitor.)
(I'm sorry.)
Sorry, I'm late.
Hey, look who's here.
Xiu, you brought such a beautiful girl.
Won't your wife get mad?
Gong has a bad memory, huh?
It's been ages since we last met.
Have you all forgotten
who his real wife is?
Long time no see.
Welcome.
Didn't expect Sister Yu to come.
I told you not to call me "Sister".
Am I that old?
Sorry.
Got too excited. My mistake.
Yeah, we all used to
call you Yu back then.
Bei's got quite the memory.
Xiu used to call me that every day.
And you just followed along.
But it sounds cringy now.
- Have a seat.
- Okay.
My girlfriend sits here.
You sit there.
Sit here.
Alright, don't move.
You sit inside.
I like being closer to the door.
Don't just stare. Let's eat.
- Food will get cold soon.
- Ah.
Here, let me pour you some wine.
Let's drink together, come on.
Yu, come on.
Oh, I don't drink. Let Xiu join you.
Hey, Xiu.
Come on.
Let's drink together, come on.
Let's toast. Quick.
Come on.
Welcome.
Yu, you got a dog?
Xiu, didn't you say...
Didn't you say
having a dog costs too much?
Cost too much?
Yet he bought me a bag
worth tens of thousands.
He didn't even blink.
So how could a dog be too pricey?
- Really?
- It's just that before,
I was too busy with work
to take care of one.
Now business is good and I have time,
so I bought it for him.
Oh.
Hey, cutie.
Be careful.
Got it.
Here, have this.
Thanks.
What's that saying again?
"A virtuous wife at home
lets the husband fool around
without worry."
Men won't do reckless things.
Now Xiu's so career-driven.
Because Yu's been guiding him well.
Not at all.
It's all his own hard work.
And also
he's lucky to have many benefactors.
What are you scared of? So cowardly.
We're old friends.
Thanks for supporting my business.
Come back anytime.
This dog is so well cared for.
Whose is it?
Mine.
It's mine.
Must be troublesome to raise?
It's alright.
Got used to it.
After all, I like it.
I was wondering why Xiu's
always running out.
I thought he was just into drinking,
but turns out he's here
playing with dogs.
No need to run out anymore.
Your Xiu
likes hanging out with us.
Not sure what he sees in it.
But he doesn't like playing at home.
Is it because this little cutie
bites too much?
Did it bite you?
I noticed these two beauties
as soon as I came in.
Why not introduce them?
Whose girlfriends are they?
Right.
Then let's introduce.
This is my girlfriend, Li Xiaoxi.
And this is Yu.
Hi.
I've heard them talk about you so much.
I was wondering when we'd meet.
Didn't expect it to be this soon.
If they mention me,
it's never in a good way.
How could they?
If they dared to badmouth you,
Xiu would lose his temper.
Really?
Of course.
Bei, the catch,
finally has a girlfriend.
After being single for years.
Turns out you were waiting for her.
Li Xiaoxi is stunning.
And sharp with words.
Perfect match.
What happened?
I think some dog fur got in my throat.
Sorry. You guys keep talking.
And…
What about this beauty here?
Who's your boyfriend?
Her name's Luanluan.
She...
She's actually your husband's lover.
Hey, are you out of your mind?
Why're you so worked up?
I… I'm not… I...
You don't really think
I'd believe anything Gong says?
It's not like I just met him.
Exactly, Yu knows me best.
Besides,
she's young and gorgeous.
She could get any man she wants.
Why would she cling to a married guy?
Who'd stoop to something so low?
Exactly.
She's got really high standards.
She didn't even give me a chance.
She's got a boyfriend now.
Her boyfriend is
kinda ugly, a bit sneaky,
eats like a piglet,
and selfish,
but what can I say? That's love.
Everyone's got their own taste.
She's just into this guy.
Luanluan, he just dissed your boyfriend
and you're not mad?
If he dared to talk about Xiu like that,
I'd lose it on him right there.
No, I wouldn't dare.
He's joking.
My boyfriend's really great.
Really?
Bring him out next time
so we can all hang out.
Our treat, okay?
Okay.
Sure.
Yu, I heard you work in fashion design.
Where can I buy your designs?
I rushed out today
and didn't prepare anything.
Next time, I'll bring you
some outfits as gifts.
Li Xiaoxi, what do you do?
I run a flower shop.
At Renmin Road Intersection.
Called Liang.
Liang.
Oh, I know that place.
My friend ordered flowers there before.
Hey, Xiu.
From now on, for Valentine's Day
and for our anniversaries
or any special days,
you can't order flowers for me
from anywhere else.
Got it? Hmm.
Luanluan.
What do you do?
I'm an actress.
A stage actress.
An actress.
Hope I get to see your performance.
Sure.
Come on, let's all toast.
- Come on.
(Everyone here knows)
(we're all just acting.)
(But no one wants to call it out.)
(Because no one's really lying.)
(We wear our masks of pretense.)
(Yet what we perform
is our truest selves.)
(What an absurd game adults play.)
Tiger Tiger, Bug. One to zero.
Tiger Tiger, Tiger.
Two to zero.
Tiger Tiger, Chicken.
Two to one.
How long have you two been together?
Tiger Tiger.
Huh...
Who?
About four months now, right?
132 days.
Any plans to marry?
Ah, I'm in no hurry.
I still want my future wife
to get to know me better.
Fair enough.
She might not want to marry
once she knows.
Go play now.
Why stress about marriage?
Dating longer isn't bad at all.
True.
In case, right after marriage,
you start wanting to date again.
Here you go.
Once married, you can't date anymore?
You can.
But it's a whole different world.
For example...
Back before we got married,
whenever I craved something,
Xiu would cook it for me himself,
drive halfway across the city
to bring it to me,
and it'd still be hot when he got there.
After we got married,
I'd often cook a whole table of dishes.
Saying he'd be home for dinner.
But the food gets cold
and he's still not there.
Maybe we've both just been too busy.
Mm?
You won't make me wait for you
to come home
for dinner every day, will you?
No way. If anyone's waiting,
it'll be me waiting for you.
Besides, I actually enjoy cooking.
You won't get the chance.
What else don't I know about you?
Hey, hey.
Can you two be considerate of
the single people here?
Single people.
That doesn't include me.
I've got a girlfriend.
Who is she?
Da Ji, Diao Chan, or Yang Yuhuan?
I'm serious.
Let me make it official.
I've been chasing her for seven years.
And now we're
officially together!
Thanks.
Thank you.
We'll take your word for it.
As your friends,
let us give you some advice.
You cool with that?
If it doesn't work out,
don't waste her time.
Come on,
I'll show you her photo.
- I show them first.
- Pretty?
- Pretty.
- Let me see.
Yu, take a look.
Pretty?
Hey, it really is.
Do we match?
So do all the girls in your group
have to be pretty?
Then you have to come more often.
I'm worried I might get in your way.
Congrats.
This person in the photo looks kinda...
I think I've seen her before.
Where?
At my shop.
Remember? You mentioned...
That cute one with the bob haircut.
Oh right, yeah! The super adorable one.
Hey, hold on.
You guys...
You already knew about
the two of them...
Oh my goodness.
I feel like a clueless little fool.
Don't you feel even a twinge of guilt?
Gong, come on, hey.
Look, I've chased her for years.
Got mocked in all kinds of ways.
Like...
"Let me see your backup number."
"Three digits?"
Also, "if you and
her dog fell into the water,
who would she save first?"
Questions like that.
You know I'm overly sensitive.
I know you'd roast me nonstop.
Thinking of me like this
breaks my heart.
Turns out you never understood me.
You found the person
who matters most in your life.
Do you even realize how lucky you are?
I should be happy for you.
Come on.
You probably just think
I'm a fool with a crush.
I don't think that.
I love you, and you love me.
That's luck.
If you don't love me,
I won't love you back.
That's self-interest.
If you don't love me
but I still love you,
that's what love really is.
Didn't expect you to be like this, Gong.
If I'd known earlier,
I wouldn't have kept it from you.
So hurry up and learn to swim.
I bet she'll save the dog first.
Shut up already.
Do you ever say anything nice?
Wait, Sen,
how did she suddenly say yes to you?
I chased her for seven years.
Seven years.
Even a glacier would've melted by now.
Let me drop a fact.
A glacier won't melt in seven years.
Come on, have a seat.
Here.
As your older brother,
let me give you some advice.
You don't really know her that well yet.
I think you should hold back a little.
Why should he hold back?
Isn't love about giving your all?
No holding back at all?
It's Sen's first time being in love.
I just don't want to see him get hurt.
Even for a first love,
he has to hold back?
Should we wait till
we're more experienced
to go all in?
Do you like eating cilantro?
Mm?
One day, Bei suddenly asked me that.
Such a simple question.
And I actually started overthinking it.
I'm scared we'll find
more and more differences between us.
But honestly,
it doesn't matter if I like it.
As long as he likes it,
I'm willing to give it a try.
Why does one person always
have to be the tolerant one?
Isn't it better to just be yourself?
But if you love someone,
you want to
compromise and accommodate them.
You start thinking about
them all the time.
That's exactly how Bei is.
Bei's right.
It's never too late to
love someone you know.
Seven years together.
You must know each other pretty well.
Mr. Bei, you're worrying too much.
They're a perfect match.
No need for a weirdo like you to object.
And don't take yourself too seriously.
I was just making a casual remark.
Hey, Sen.
Why don't you bring your girlfriend
to meet us?
Come on.
She'll be here a bit later.
Did she get lost
on the crowded path of love?
You go pick her up?
No need.
She's taking her time to get ready.
♪Waiting♪
♪Waiting for the right time♪
♪I'm just waiting♪
♪Waiting for the right sign♪
♪I'll admit♪
♪My back is faced against the wall♪
♪There's nothing that
I wouldn't try to do♪
♪For this feeling to have you♪
♪I'll resist♪
♪Your gaze, your lips♪
♪Your touches again♪
♪There's no one that
I wouldn't try to fool♪
♪For an image of you♪
♪Take my hand again♪
♪Take my mind again♪
♪Break into my heart again♪
♪I'm falling out again♪
♪I'm on my knees again♪
♪To beg for the truth♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret to love♪
♪I thought it had came from
below us♪
♪Did it come from above♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret to love♪
♪Is it violent or warming, entrancing♪
♪This secret of love♪